Doc/What-the-Markdown.md, before:

# What the Markdown - An example of a good Documentation that teaches you Markdown!
## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [Basic text styles](#basic-text-styles)
3. [Lists](#lists)
4. [More text styles](#more-text-styles)
5. [Quoting text](#quoting-text)
6. [Inserting code and code blocks](#inserting-code-and-code-blocks)
7. [Making a table of contents](#making-a-table-of-contents)
8. [Embedding links](#embedding-links)
9. [Embedding images](#embedding-images)
10. [Embedding badges](#embedding-badges)
11. [Closing thoughts](#closing-thoughts)
---
## Getting Started
Markdown is a simple and lightweight markup language that lets you format text so it's more structured and readable. It plays a big loe in our everyday lives - without us noticing. It also plays a huge part in the life of a **software engineer**! GitHub, GitLab, Obsidian, Jupyther notebooks and even Discord messages use or support Markdown to some capacity in their own ways. The most common form of Markdown is **standard Markdown**, which is fully supported by GitHub, GitLab and Obsidian, just to name a few. In this document, you will learn the *basics* of the **standard implementation of Markdown**.
## Basic text styles
In Markdown, there are quite a few different formats or *styles* your text can take on. Here are the **essential** formats that you likely will use the most, as those are **essential** to structuring your Documentation:

Headings:
```Markdown
# Heading 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3
```
The result:

![headings](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Headings.png)

Bold text:
```Markdown
**bold text**
```
The result:

![Bold text](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Bold.png)

Italics:
```Markdown
*italicized text*
```
The result:

![Italics](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Italics.png)

## Lists
## More text styles
## Quoting text
## Inserting code and code blocks
## Making a table of contents
## Embedding links
## Embedding images
## Embedding badges
## Closing thoughts

Commit message:

Update What-the-Markdown.md (WIP)

Doc/What-the-Markdown.md, after:

# What the Markdown - An example of a good Documentation that teaches you Markdown!
## Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [Basic text styles](#basic-text-styles)
3. [Lists](#lists)
4. [More text styles](#more-text-styles)
5. [Quoting text](#quoting-text)
6. [Inserting code and code blocks](#inserting-code-and-code-blocks)
7. [Making a table of contents](#making-a-table-of-contents)
8. [Embedding links](#embedding-links)
9. [Embedding images](#embedding-images)
10. [Embedding badges](#embedding-badges)
11. [Closing thoughts](#closing-thoughts)
---
## Getting Started
Markdown is a simple and lightweight markup language that lets you format text so it's more structured and readable. It plays a big loe in our everyday lives - without us noticing. It also plays a huge part in the life of a **software engineer**! GitHub, GitLab, Obsidian, Jupyther notebooks and even Discord messages use or support Markdown to some capacity in their own ways. The most common form of Markdown is **standard Markdown**, which is fully supported by GitHub, GitLab and Obsidian, just to name a few. In this document, you will learn the *basics* of the **standard implementation of Markdown**.
## Basic text styles
In Markdown, there are quite a few different formats or *styles* your text can take on. Here are the **essential** formats that you likely will use the most, as those are **essential** to structuring your Documentation:

Headings:
```md
# Heading 1
## Heading 2
### Heading 3
```
The result:

![headings](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Headings.png)

Bold text:
```md
**bold text**
```
The result:

![Bold text](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Bold.png)

Italics:
```md
*italicized text*
```
The result:

![Italics](https://github.com/TheSkyler-Dev/What-the-Markdown/blob/main/Doc/Img/Italics.png)

## Lists
*this section is work in progress*
## More text styles
*this section is work in progress*
## Quoting text
*this section is work in progress*
## Inserting code and code blocks
*this section is work in progress*
## Making a table of contents
*this section is work in progress*
## Embedding links
*this section is work in progress*
## Embedding images
*this section is work in progress*
## Embedding badges
*this section is work in progress*
## Closing thoughts
*this section is work in progress*
